Source: https://www.chicagoprimesteakhouse.com/
Captured: 2026-05-07

Chicago Prime Steakhouse | Award Winning Steak house Menu Private Events Special Events Live Entertainment Industry Night Feedback/Reviews Gift Card Millionaire’s Club Contact Us Employment George A. Kalkounos Downtown bakery Mon - Fri 9:00 am - 5:00 pm Sat - Sun 11:00 am - 5:00 pm 555-555-55-55 Uptown bakery Mon - Fri 9:00 am - 5:00 pm Sat - Sun 11:00 am - 5:00 pm 555-555-55-55 1444 E. Algonquin Road Schaumburg, IL 60173 847.969.9900 Menu Private Events Special Events Live Entertainment Industry Night Feedback/Reviews Gift Card Millionaire’s Club Contact Us Employment George A. Kalkounos Dining Room Hours Mon - Sat: 3PM - 10PM Sunday: 3PM - 9PM Reserve a Table Welcome to Chicago Prime Steakhouse Award-winning restaurant & steakhouse that takes pride in it's fine dining and exquisite cuisine. RESERVE A TABLE CALL US Order Online UBEREATS GRUBHUB TOAST Our Restaurant Chicago Prime Steakhouse is the only family-owned Prime Steakhouse in the entire Northwest Suburbs nestled in an ocean of national chain restaurants. We pride ourselves on the personal touch and outstanding cuts of meat, seafood, chops and feature a cigar friendly outdoor covered patio. Service and quality are the name of the game and we take our relationships in the community seriously. Reservations are strongly encouraged. The Lounge and Patio feature specials and promotions almost daily so feel free to visit us after a golf game or just as casual as you are. Dress code is casual so no stuffy pretense here, just bring a smile and have some fun! The Menus Dinner Button Drinks Button Specials Button Our Reviews Evelin J. “Great atmosphere, attentive staff and wonderful food!” Button Sherie C. “Excellent service and the dinner was delicious!!” Button Courtney L. “Food was OK. service was good. Friendly environment, friendly employees.” Button Agim A. “Good service and great food nice atmosphere” Button Maria Rebecca D. “Delicious food, great atmosphere and excellent service!” Button Slide title Write your caption here Button Slide title Write your caption here Button Slide title Write your caption here Button Slide title Write your caption here Button More Reviews Would you recommend us? Please take a moment to write about your experience at Chicago Prime Steakhouse Schaumburg, IL. Feedback makes us better. Thanks for taking the time. Yes No Stay Up To Date What's New? Schaumburg restaurateur named chairman of Meet Chicago Northwest By Michael Langenberg • January 3, 2017 Andy-John G. Kalkounos, owner-partner of Chicago Prime Italian and Chicago Prime Steakhouse restaurants in Schaumburg, has been appointed board chairman for Meet Chicago Northwest. Call Us RESERVE A TABLE CALL US Order Online UBEREATS GRUBHUB TOAST Copyright © 2024. Chicago Prime Steakhouse. All Rights Reserved. ﻿ Copyright © 2026. Chicago Prime Steakhouse. All Rights Reserved. Share by:
