Skip to content
HOME
ABOUT
BLOG
CONTACT
MENUS
Golden Rolls Menu – Woodstock, IL

August 27, 2025

 

Type : Sushi restaurant

 

Location : Woodstock, IL

Chill Japanese bistro with a bar featuring creative sushi rolls, noodle dishes & teriyaki entrees. Based on 290 reviews, the restaurant has received a rating of 4.5 stars. Price $$

 Dine-in  Curbside pickup  Delivery

Address:
790 S Eastwood Dr, Woodstock, IL 60098

Phone: (815) 308-5099

Website: http://www.goldenrollssushi.com/

Social Profile: 

Hours
Sunday	2–9 PM
Monday

(Labor Day)
	Closed
Tuesday	11 AM–9:30 PM
Wednesday	11 AM–9:30 PM
Thursday	11 AM–9:30 PM
Friday	11 AM–10 PM
Saturday	2–10 PM
Photo Gallery

Reviews
Danielle Foster
ℝ &

sam
went here for my birthday for the first time I got the Philadelphia roll and crab rangoon roll and it was so so good the portions are big as well so definitely worth the price 

Scott John
Food is absolutely amazing. Love their sushi. Very nice atmosphere

Star Castro
I’ve been coming here since it first opened back in 2009. Now!!! Here’s the thing, if you going to be a picky eater and have high expectations, then walk away cause your ugly review isn’t needed. For those who enjoy sushi and one amazing atmosphere and you are kind and a generous person, then come on in. You’ll love it like I have

Loralei Rice
Our server was very friendly and patient. We had questions about certain dishes and she happily answered. The dining room was elegant and casual. The food was excellent

Thomas M
I got invited to eat here by a friend. I was a little hesitant about eating here because how the outside looks. I was wrong ,the inside was very clean and nicely decorated. The staff was friendly. Food was very very good ! I highly recommend the calamari for an appetizer.

Sarah Prusko
My husband and I order take out from here often. I typically go for sushi and a house salad and he opts for the golden shrimp and gyoza beef appetizers. Every time, the food is packaged perfectly (I appreciate how the separate the hot food from cold) and it comes within the time estimated when ordering. There is usually a girl who takes our order over the phone and she is so sweet and the guy who delivers it is great too! The salmon nigiri is some of the freshest and BEST I have ever had. The portion of the salmon is HUGE! My husband is a big fan of golden sauce, and it is really hard to find a good one! He loves the one from Golden Rolls! We are so grateful for the delivery option and to have a delicious sushi place in town! 

… more

David Lockhart
Don’t let the outside of this place fool you! It looks a little shabby, but the inside is fantastic. Lovely young lady greeted me at the front door and was my server, very polite, professional, friendly, and helpful. Excellent, excellent sushi, the best I’ve had since I moved to the Midwest. Five stars all day every day.

Joe Britton
Ok so this place is beautiful. On the inside. Please look past roughish exterior. The food was amazing and the atmosphere was great. Honestly this would be a nice romantic place to take your loved one on a special occasion.

Jim Macaluso
Probably the best sushi in the area. Very good, fresh and a lot of varieties. They have some menu items (sushi rolls) without pricing which is annoying. Most people order 2-4 rolls and spend a fair amount of time reading what’s available, but also finding after asking they are between $14-$34 could have been a very expensive dinner! I’m not saying they they’re not worth the money, just be transparent and list a price. There were only a few items that had MP ingredients and that makes sense not to list the price, but the other items it doesn’t. I definitely will be back and will recommend to others. I’d give 5 if the menu had pricing on all there items.

… more

… View more

Categories
Sushi restaurant
Tags
Woodstock, IL
Dunkin’ Menu – Concord, CA
Tacos Mexica Menu – Reading, PA
Leave a Comment

Comment

Name
Email
Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Search for:
 List or Update Your Restaurant

Have a restaurant that’s already listed?
Want to update your information or add a new listing?
Get more visibility and more customers.

 Contact to List / Update

Email: yrosa968@gmail.com

Recent Posts
Starbucks Menu – Salinas, CA
Golden Grill (Mediterranean Kitchen) Menu – Fort Carson, CO
Papa Johns Pizza Menu – Orlando, FL
Little Caesars Pizza Menu – Stuttgart, AR
Taco Bell Menu – Seaside, CA
Snowbirds Grille Menu – Venice, FL
SouthCloud Ramen Menu – Austin, TX
Mamacita’s Restaurant Menu – San Antonio, TX
Heather Rae’s Comfort Cookin’ Restaurant Menu – Delco, NC
Flaming Crab Cajun Seafood Menu – Allentown, PA
Curry Point Express Menu – Durham, NC
Domino’s Pizza Menu – Pampa, TX
Amber Menu – New York, NY
Hai Master Kitchen Menu – Laguna Hills, CA
Layla’s Kitchen Menu – Oakland, TN
Val’s Italian Restaurant & Pizza Menu – Kilgore, TX
Taco Bell Menu – Loves Park, IL
Partridge cafe Menu – Partridge, KS
Dunkin’ Menu – York, PA
Mr V’s BBQ & Grill Menu – Reading, PA
Stay connected with the Roost!
ASK US ANY QUESTIONS
GET IN TOUCH
ROOST CAFE AND BISTRO
About us

Roost Café and Bistro offers a cozy atmosphere and eclectic regional cuisine, using local products whenever possible. Our affordable menu offers European-inspired plates, and guests can choose between a single entrée or multiple courses. In addition, our patio provides a delightful spot for alfresco dining during the warmer months. We are conveniently located between York and Ogunquit.

Address

262 Shore Road, Ogunquit ME

Contact

+1 207-646-9898

info@roostcafeandbistro.com

Openning hours:

Breakfast/Lunch/Brunch –  8am-2pm Fri-Sun
Dinner – 5-9pm Wed-Sun
Closed Mon-Tues
Bakery – Closed for Winter

Style Guide

Credits

Privacy Policy

© 2026 Roost Cafe and Bistro