Find
Near
SEARCH
Snuggery River Roadhouse McHenry
starstarstarstarstar_border
4.0 (283). Rate your experience!
$$ • Pizza, American, Sports Bars

Hours: closed today
801 N River Rd, McHenry
(815) 578-9600

Menu Order Online

About Snuggery River Roadhouse McHenry

Snuggery River Roadhouse McHenry is a restaurant located on the water, offering great prices and reasonable rates. The menu features a variety of options, including the chicken sandwich, chicken nuggets, and pizza, which were all described as tasty and amazing. The service is generally good, with friendly bartenders and staff providing above-average experiences. Customers have enjoyed sitting outside on warm summer evenings, with views of boats parading by just yards away. The atmosphere is pleasant, with a nice view of the river and plenty of slips to dock. The food has received high praise, especially the Baja Fish Tacos, which are considered one of the top three fish tacos ever had. The staff is attentive and understanding, with servers like Austin receiving compliments for their fast and friendly service. Despite some reports of a strong fish odor in the bar area and staff not always smiling, the restaurant remains a popular choice for casual meals and riverside hangouts. The menu also features hot habanero chicken wings, which are more sweet than hot but still enjoyed by diners. Overall, Snuggery River Roadhouse McHenry offers a great experience with tasty food, friendly service, and a beautiful riverside setting.

Customers' Favorites
Country Fried Buttermilk Chicken Sandwich Cheeseburger with Fries or Potato Chips Cheese Sausage and Green Pepper Pizza Fried Haddock and Fries w Coleslaw Broasted Chicken to-Go Full Meal Fresh Wisconsin Cheese Curds Moretti’S Cheeseburger Morettis Special Pizza Mac 'N' Cheese Pizza Pulled Pork Dinner
Recent Reviews
4
283 ratings
5
57%
4
17%
3
6%
2
10%
1
10%
Food
4.2
Atmosphere
4.5
Service
4.3

Share your opinion about Snuggery River Roadhouse McHenry

Write a review
 
July 2024

Overpriced “bar” quality food. I’ve gone a couple times and never been impressed.

 
June 2023

Visited the Snuggery last Thursday night with my wife. Everything was going very well until I witnessed the bald manager full on picking his nose right in front of the bar. The same man who had just delivered our FOOD was standing feet away from us, knuckle deep in his nose. Disgusted is an understatement. Someone with no understanding of personal hygiene should not be working in the food industry.

Our server, however, was great and said she would notify other managers...read full review

 
May 2023

Great people great service

Read All Reviews(283)

Menu
Add a Menu
Photos
Add a Photo
View All Photos
Hours
Monday
Closed
Tuesday
Closed
Wednesday
3 - 10PM

Thursday
3 - 10PM

Friday
3PM - 12AM

Saturday
11AM - 12AM

Sunday
11AM - 10PM

People in McHenry Also Viewed
UpRooted Restaurant and Bar
American, Arcades, Gluten-Free
Culver’s
American, Ice Cream & Frozen Yogurt, Burgers
McHenry VFW Post 4600
American, Venues & Event Spaces, Salad
Restaurants in McHenry, IL
Location & Contact

801 N River Rd, McHenry, IL 60051
(815) 578-9600
Order Online
Suggest an Edit


TAKE-OUT/DELIVERY OPTIONS
delivery take-out


MORE INFO
 happy-hour food  private dining room  great cocktails
NEARBY RESTAURANTS
UpRooted Restaurant and Bar
Culver’s
McHenry VFW Post 4600
VFW McHenry 4600
Subway
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Walmart Welcomes 92 In-Store Mr Gatti's Pizza Locations
Una Pizza Napoletana Pizzeria Named Best in the World for 2024
Delicious and Unique Pizza Toppings Worth Trying
A Guide to the Best Pizzerias in New York City
A Guide to the Best Pizzerias in Chicago
Updated on: Apr 27, 2026
Cookies help us to deliver our services, provide you with a personalised experience on our websites.
Decline
Accept
Quick Links
Add Business
About
Privacy Policy
Contact
Blog
Follow Us
© 2026 Restaurantji
✖

Get more info in our app

Download app for free

Open
Cookies help us to deliver our services, provide you with a personalised experience on our websites.
Decline
Accept