Skip to content
HOME
ABOUT
BLOG
CONTACT
MENUS
Snuggery River Roadhouse McHenry Menu – McHenry, IL

March 22, 2026

 

Type : Restaurant

 

Location : McHenry, IL

Open year round, this family owned waterfront restaurant, patio and private party house brings warm hospitality to McHenry locals and visitors.
Freshly made Snuggery favorites include fan fave broasted chicken, fish n chips, Prime NY strip steak, burgers, sandwiches, salads and Snug’s famous appetizers like Beer Nuggets, hand breaded Wisconsin Cheese Curds, our show stopping Nachos and Wings in 6 flavors. PLUS the addition of Moretti’s award winning Chicago style pizza, voted Best Pizza in Chicagoland’s largest diners poll, Daily Herald “Best of the Best” 2022.
Next door to the Snuggery is our Guest House a separate waterfront party house for private events.
Snuggery offers pick up orders, and delivery through major delivery apps.

Casual haunt featuring TVs tuned to sports, American grub & a big waterfront patio in relaxed digs. Based on 939 reviews, the restaurant has received a rating of 4.1 stars. Price $$

 Dine-in  Takeout  Delivery

Address:
801 N River Rd, McHenry, IL 60051

Phone: (815) 578-9600

Website: https://www.snuggerymchenry.com/

Social Profile: 

Hours
Sunday	11:30 AM–10 PM
Monday

(Labor Day)
	11:30 AM–10 PM

Hours might differ

Tuesday	11:30 AM–10 PM
Wednesday	11:30 AM–10 PM
Thursday	11:30 AM–10 PM
Friday	11:30 AM–12 AM
Saturday	11:30 AM–12 AM
Menu
Banquet Menu
The American Buffet
Available until 11:00 am. Carafes of fresh chilled juices, freshly scrambled eggs, bacon or link sausage, homemade hashbrowns, mini bagels with cream cheese, freshly brewed coffee, decaf and hot tea. Minimum 30 guests	
The Deluxe Breakfast Buffet
Available until 11:00 am. Carafes of fresh chilled juices, assorted bakery goods served with whipped butter and preserves freshly scrambled eggs, fresh fruit display bacon and link sausage, homemade hashbrowns, French toast or buttermilk pancakes with maple syrup, freshly brewed coffee, decaf and hot tea. Minimum 30 guests	
Moretti’s Brunch Buffet
Available until 2:00 pm. Carafes of fresh chilled juices, assorted bakery goods served with whipped butter and preserves, seasonal fresh fruit display, eggs benedict or freshly scrambled eggs with diced ham and green peppers, bacon and link sausage, homemade hashbrowns, grilled herb-roasted chicken, French toast or buttermilk pancakes with maple syrup, tossed salad with choice of two dressings chef’s fresh vegetables, roasted garlic mashed potatoes, rice pilaf or pasta with marinara, freshly brewed coffee, decaf and hot tea. minimum 30 guests	
Something Special
Add a special touch to your breakfast or brunch buffet	
Beverages For Your Breakfast Or Brunch
Champagne Mimosa – Unlimited for One Full Hour	
Fresh Vegetable Crudites
An assortment of fresh seasonal vegetables with ranch dip	
Seasonal Fresh Fruit Display
The season’s finest fruit served with melba sauce	
Decorated Meat And Cheese Tray
Cubed domestic and imported cheeses with cubed salami, turkey and ham	
Domestic Cheese Display
Cheddar, Swiss and jalapeno cheese paired with your choice of assorted crackers or the season’s finest fruit	
Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail
50 pieces	
Crispy Chicken Romano
Golden crispy Parmesan breaded chicken medallions with bruschetta tomatoes in a lemon Parmesan butter sauce	$22.95
Rosemary Lemon Chicken
Char-grilled chicken breasts with lemon and rosemary	$22.95
Chicken Vesuvio
Sauteed boneless double chicken breast served with peas, roasted peppers, olive oil, garlic and rosemary sauce	$22.95
Breast Of Chicken Marsala
Boneless chicken breast sauteed with mushroom and marsala wine	$22.95
Chicken Parmesan
Herb-crusted chicken breast baked with mozzarella cheese	$22.95
Chicken Limone
Chicken breast medallions sauteed with lemon, capers, sun-dried tomatoes, artichoke and white wine	$22.95
Roast Sirloin Of Beef
Tender slices of sirloin, topped with mushroom bordelaise sauce	$26.95
Moretti’s Mixed Grill
Center-cut top sirloin with natural au jus served with a grilled herb chicken breast	$31.95
Roast Tenderloin Of Beef
The finest available cut, sliced by hand, served with mushroom bordelaise sauce	$34.95
New York Strip Steak
Center-cut strip steak, charbroiled to perfection, served with mushroom bordelaise sauce	$32.95
Filet Mignon
Center-cut filet charbroiled to perfection, served with mushroom bordelaise sauce	$34.95
Parmesan-Crusted Salmon Or Grilled With Champagne Sauce
Fresh Atlantic salmon sauteed with a Parmesan crust enhanced with creamy Dijon sauce	$26.95
Moretti’s Family Style Lunch	
Moretti’s Family Style Dinner	
Ice Cream Sundae Buffet
French vanilla and chocolate ice creams with hot fudge, assorted crushed candy pieces, strawberry topping, nuts, cherries, and whipped cream	
Wine Service
House Wines: Cabernet SauvignonMerlotChardonnayPinot GrigioWhite Zinfandel	$20.00
Unlimited Soft Drinks	
Catering Menu
Three Cheese Toasted Ravioli
40 pieces. Italian cheese filled ravioli, lightly breaded and served with our homemade marinara sauce topped with Romano cheese	$45.00
Mozzarella Sticks
35 sticks. Served with our homemade marinara sauce	$45.00
Sausage And Peppers
40 bite size pieces. Bite size Italian sausage roasted with sweet bell peppers, onions and tomatoes. Served in a red wine sauce	$45.00
Crispy Chicken Tenders
40 pieces. Ranch-seasoned crispy chicken tenders, served with BBQ sauce	$45.00
Spinach And Artichoke Dip
Creamy blend of baked Italian cheeses, artichoke hearts and spinach. Served with toasted chips	$49.00
Fried Calamari
Served with cocktail sauce or hot giardiniera	$51.00
Buffalo Chicken Wings
40 pieces. Available hot, mild, BBQ or garlic Parmesan	$55.00
Parmesan Bread Sticks
Homemade served with garlic butter and marinara sauce	$39.00
Butcher Shop Meatballs
Handmade meatballs baked in marinara sauce	$49.00
Fresh Tomato And Basil Bruschetta
Homemade crostini with tomato-basil relish, fresh mozzarella and fresh basil	$43.00
Sandwich And Wrap Platter
Your choice of four sandwiches or wraps. Each tray comes with a generous portion of our homemade potato chips	
Moretti’s Deluxe Sandwich Buffet
In addition to your choice of gourmet sandwiches and chips add one of our signature salad selections and your choice of jumbo cookies, our delicious chocolate brownies or a combination of both. (Also includes deluxe dinner plates, heavy plastic forks, knives, napkins and serving utensils)	
Classic Caesar (Small)
Crisp romaine lettuce and our homemade croutons tossed in creamy Caesar dressing, topped with shredded asiago cheese	$34.00
Classic Caesar (Large)
Crisp romaine lettuce and our homemade croutons tossed in creamy Caesar dressing, topped with shredded asiago cheese	$53.00
Grilled Chicken Caesar (Small)
Grilled chicken breast, crisp romaine lettuce and our homemade croutons tossed in creamy Caesar dressing, topped with shredded asiago cheese	$43.00
Grilled Chicken Caesar (Large)
Grilled chicken breast, crisp romaine lettuce and our homemade croutons tossed in creamy Caesar dressing, topped with shredded asiago cheese	$59.00
Garden Salad (Small)
Crisp mixed greens, roma tomatoes, sliced cucumbers, antipasto olives, red onion and homemade croutons	$36.00
Garden Salad (Large)
Crisp mixed greens, roma tomatoes, sliced cucumbers, antipasto olives, red onion and homemade croutons	$55.00
Chopped Chicken Salad (Small)
Chopped mixed greens, grilled chicken breast, diced tomato, cucumber, green onion, avocado, feta cheese and antipasto olives with ranch dressing	$45.00
Chopped Chicken Salad (Large)
Chopped mixed greens, grilled chicken breast, diced tomato, cucumber, green onion, avocado, feta cheese and antipasto olives with ranch dressing	$66.00
Pasta Salad (Small)
Penne pasta, fresh vegetables, Italian cheeses tossed with olive oil, Italian herbs and spices	$34.00
Pasta Salad (Large)
Penne pasta, fresh vegetables, Italian cheeses tossed with olive oil, Italian herbs and spices	$53.00
Italian Cobb (Small)
Mixed greens, crisp bacon, avocado, tomato, hard-boiled egg, cucumber, roasted red peppers, olives, red onion, and gorgonzola cheese. Served with our homemade vinaigrette	$45.00
Italian Cobb (Large)
Mixed greens, crisp bacon, avocado, tomato, hard-boiled egg, cucumber, roasted red peppers, olives, red onion, and gorgonzola cheese. Served with our homemade vinaigrette	$66.00
Herb Crusted Chicken Salad (Small)
Diced herb breaded chicken tenders, mixed greens, crisp prosciutto, red onion, and gorgonzola cheese. Served with our Italian herb dressing	$45.00
Herb Crusted Chicken Salad
Diced herb breaded chicken tenders, mixed greens, crisp prosciutto, red onion, and gorgonzola cheese. Served with our Italian herb dressing	$66.00
BBQ Ranch Chicken Salad (Small)
Grilled BBQ chicken, crisp romaine, avocado, roasted corn, black beans, tortilla strips and cucumber topped with fresh cilantro and crisp onion straws. Served with BBQ ranch dressing	$45.00
BBQ Ranch Chicken Salad (Large)
Grilled BBQ chicken, crisp romaine, avocado, roasted corn, black beans, tortilla strips and cucumber topped with fresh cilantro and crisp onion straws. Served with BBQ ranch dressing	$66.00
Chicken Limone With Artichokes
Boneless chicken breasts sauteed with capers, sun-dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts in a white wine lemon sauce	
Herb Roasted Chicken (Bone-In)
Bone-in chicken marinated with olive oil, garlic, fresh lemons and herbs (24 hr. Notice needed)	
Romano Crusted Chicken
Golden crispy breaded chicken breasts in a lemon parmesan butter sauce. Garnished with bruschetta tomatoes	
Chicken Parmesan
Herb-crusted chicken breast baked with marinara and a blend of Italian cheeses	
Chicken Marsala
Chicken breast medallions sauteed with mushrooms and marsala wine sauce	
Eggplant Parmesan
Herb-crusted eggplant baked with marinara and a blend of Italian cheeses	
Chicken Vesuvio
Boneless chicken baked in our special wine and garlic sauce with fire-roasted peppers, peas and Parmesan cheese	
Salmon With White Wine Sauce
Grilled fresh Atlantic salmon with white wine sauce Add $6	
Roast Sirloin Of Beef
Roasted medium rare to medium and served with wild mushroom bordelaise Add $6.00	
Beef & Italian Sausage (10 People)	$79.00
Beef & Italian Sausage (20 People)	$150.00
Beef & Italian Sausage (30 People)	$203.00
Beef & Mostaccioli (10 People)	$75.00
Beef & Mostaccioli (20 People)	$142.00
Beef & Mostaccioli (30 People)	$192.00
Beef & Chicken (10 People)	$83.00
Beef & Chicken (20 People)	$159.00
Beef & Chicken (30 People)	$220.00
Pizza, Salad, Pasta Package
Assorted (1) topping thin crust pizza, fresh garden or Caesar salad and our homemade penne marinara pasta. (minimum 10 people)	$10.99
Chicken Limone With Artichokes (10 Servings 15 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $27	$49.00
Chicken Limone With Artichokes (20 Servings 30 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $45	$88.00
Chicken Limone With Artichokes (30 Servings 45 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $55	$121.00
Chicken Milanese (10 Servings 15 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $27	$49.00
Chicken Milanese (20 Servings 30 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $45	$88.00
Chicken Milanese (30 Servings 45 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $55	$121.00
Herb Roasted Chicken (Bone-In) (10 Servings 20 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $27	$49.00
Herb Roasted Chicken (Bone-In) (20 Servings 40 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $45	$88.00
Herb Roasted Chicken (Bone-In) (30 Servings 60 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $55	$121.00
Romano Crusted Chicken (10 Servings 15 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $27	$49.00
Romano Crusted Chicken (20 Servings 30 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $45	$88.00
Romano Crusted Chicken (30 Servings 45 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $55	$121.00
Chicken Parmesan (10 Servings 15 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $27	$49.00
Chicken Parmesan (20 Servings 30 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $45	$88.00
Chicken Parmesan (30 Servings 45 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $55	$121.00
Chicken Marsala (10 Servings 15 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $27	$49.00
Chicken Marsala (20 Servings 30 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $45	$88.00
Chicken Marsala (30 Servings 45 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $55	$121.00
Eggplant Parmesan (10 Servings 15 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $27	$49.00
Eggplant Parmesan (20 Servings 30 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $45	$88.00
Eggplant Parmesan (30 Servings 45 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $55	$121.00
Chicken Vesuvio (10 Servings 15 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $27	$49.00
Chicken Vesuvio (20 Servings 30 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $45	$88.00
Chicken Vesuvio (30 Servings 45 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $55	$121.00
Butcher Shop Meatballs (10 Servings 15 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $27	$49.00
Butcher Shop Meatballs (20 Servings 30 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $45	$90.00
Butcher Shop Meatballs (30 Servings 45 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $55	$135.00
Italian Sausage And Peppers (10 Servings 15 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $27	$39.00
Italian Sausage And Peppers (20 Servings 30 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $45	$62.00
Italian Sausage And Peppers (30 Servings 45 Pcs)
Add Vesuvio Potatoes or Penne Marinara $55	$89.00
Penne Chicken Asiago	
Rustic Penne With Chicken And Sausage	
Fettuccine Alfredo With Chicken	
Nonna’s Lasagna
(24hr. notice needed)	
Mostaccioli With Marinara	
Mostaccioli With Meat Sauce	
Broccoli Parmesan	
Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes	
Vesuvio Potatoes	
Macaroni And Cheese	
Fresh Vegetable Medley	
Rice Pilaf	
World Famous Pressure Cooked Broasted Chicken
Served with mashed potatoes, coleslaw and dinner bread. All white meat is an additional charge	
World Famous Pressure Cooked Chicken (Only)
All white meat is an additional charge	
Italian Sausage Choice Of Marinara Or Our Natural Gravy (4 Pieces)
1 lb	$8.50
Italian Beef With Homemade Au Jus	
Roasted Sweet Peppers	
Hot Giardiniera	
Loaf Italian Bread
3ft. Cut into nine 4 inch pieces, for 2lb. of beef	$4.95
Extras
Homemade Soup 12.00 | Marinara Sauce GF 12.00 | Meat Sauce GF 18.00 | Full pan of Garlic Bread (for 10 Guests) 14.00 | Dinner Bread with Butter (per loaf) 2.95 | Extra disposable place settings (for 10) (plate, fork, knife, napkin) 4.00 | Beverage Cups (for 10) 1.00 | Warming Kits (pan, rack, canned fuel) 8.00	
Thin Crust Cheese Pizza	
Crispy Cheese Crust Deep Dish Cheese Pizza	
Gluten Free Cheese Pizza	$12.99
House Favorite Thin Crust
Italian sausage, green pepper, pepperoni and onion	
Moretti’s Barbecue Thin Crust
Pepperoni, sausage, bacon, onion and our famous BBQ sauce	
Tuscan Vegetarian Pizza Thin Crust
Spinach, mushrooms, vine-ripe tomatoes, asparagus, tuscan seasoning and mozzarella cheese	
Buffalo Chicken Thin Crust
Hot ‘n’ spicy chicken tenders, drizzled bleu cheese dressing and mozzarella cheese	
BBQ Chicken Blast Thin Crust
Chicken, cilantro, red onion and BBQ sauce	
Margherita Thin Crust
Vine-ripened tomato, olive oil, fresh mozzarella and basil	
Macaroni ‘N’ Cheese Thin Crust
Creamy alfredo sauce with cavatappi pasta, parmesan and cheddar cheeses baked on a garlic butter crust. Add bacon, tomato and or jalapenos for an extra charge	
House Favorite Crispy Cheese Crust Deep Dish
Italian sausage, green pepper, pepperoni and onion	
Moretti’s Barbecue Crispy Cheese Crust Deep Dish
Pepperoni, sausage, bacon, onion and our famous BBQ sauce	
Tuscan Vegetarian Pizza Crispy Cheese Crust Deep Dish
Spinach, mushrooms, vine-ripe tomatoes, asparagus, tuscan seasoning and mozzarella cheese	
Buffalo Chicken Crispy Cheese Crust Deep Dish
Hot ‘n’ spicy chicken tenders, drizzled bleu cheese dressing and mozzarella cheese	
Macaroni ‘N’ Cheese Crispy Cheese Crust Deep Dish
Choice creamy alfredo sauce with cavatappi pasta, parmesan and cheddar cheeses baked on a garlic butter crust. Add bacon, tomato and or jalapenos for an extra charge	
BBQ Chicken Blast Crispy Cheese Crust Deep Dish
Chicken, cilantro, red onion and BBQ sauce	
Margherita Crispy Cheese Crust Deep Dish
Vine-ripened tomato, olive oil, fresh mozzarella and basil	
Tiramisu
12 pieces. Lady fingers soaked in espresso then layered with mascarpone cheese and topped with powdered cocoa	$49.00
Gourmet Cookies
Per dozen. Freshly baked jumbo white chocolate chip, chocolate chunk and oatmeal cookies	$23.00
Chocolate Brownies
Per dozen. Chocolate brownies topped with chocolate fudge topping	$23.00
Cannoli Dip
Creamy cannoli filling topped with nuts and surrounded by a generous supply of cannoli shell pieces for dipping	$39.00
Fresh Fruit Platter
Beautiful display of seasonal fruit	$54.00
Sampler Platter
Assorted freshly baked gourmet cookies, brownies and cheesecakes	$56.00
Cheesecake Sampler
Per dozen. Rich and creamy cheesecake slices of: raspberry, original and chocolate chip	$46.00
Cocktail Menu
Flavored Long Island Iced-T
(Original, Strawberry,Mango, Peach, Raspberry)	
Tokyo	
Tito’s Mule
Original * Raspberry * Mango * Peach * Strawberry	
Tres Agaves Margarita
Made fresh, served on tap	
Housemade Effen Cherry Sangria
Made fresh, served on tap	
Sugar Island Rum Punch	
Strawberry Lemon Sangria	
Frozen Strawberry Daiquiri	
Frozen Pina Colada	
Frozen Miami Vice	
Frozen Vodka Lemonade	
Absolut Watermelon Spritz	
Red Bull Watermelon Mojito	
Tres Agaves Spicy Mango Margarita	
Zing Zang Bloody Mary	
Absolut
Berry Vodkarita * Grapefruit Paloma * Mango Mule	
Hornitos Tequila Seltzer	
Truly
Wild Berry	
White Claw
Black Cherry * Mango * Lime * Raspberry * Watermelon	
Sycamore Lane Pinot Grigio
St Helena, CA	
Sycamore Lane Chardonnay St
Helena, CA	
Seaglass Riesling	
Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc
Marlborough, NZ	
Cupcake Moscato
Livermore, CA	
Mionetto Prosecco Split
187ml	
Pol Remy Brut	
Trinity Oaks Pinot Noir	
Sycamore Lane Merlot
St Helena, CA	
Sycamore Lane Cabernet
St Helena, CA	
Joel Gott Cabernet Sauvignon	
Miller Lite	
Coors Light	
Krombacher Pils	
Blue Moon Belgian Wheat	
Sam Adams
Seasonal	
3 Floyds Gumballhead	
Revolution Anti-Hero IPA	
Bud Light	
Leinekugel Summer Shandy	
Crystal Lake Brewing Beach Blonde	
Lagunitas Little Sumpin’ Sumpin’ Ale	
Laguntias IPA	
Boston Lager	
Corona Extra	
Corona Light	
Modelo Especial	
Stella Artois
12oz bottle	
Heineken	
N/A Beer – Heineken 0.0
12oz bottle	
Angry Orchard Crisp Apple Hard Cider	
MGD64	
High Life	
Miller Genuine Draft	
Michelob Ultra	
Budweiser	
Guinnes Stout	
Goose Island 312 Urban Wheat	
Old Style	
PBR	
Main Menu
Fresh Jumbo Buffalo Wings Or Boneless Wings
Mild, hot, sweet n’ spicy szechuan, garlic parmesan, BBQ, Memphis dry rub or plain. Served with carrot and celery sticks. Choice of bleu cheese or ranch for dipping	
Fried Shrimp
Hand-breaded jumbo shrimp served with two sauces of your choice: Marinara, cocktail sauce or creamy spicy aioli.	$15.99
Beer Nuggets
Bite sized crispy bread nuggets sprinkled with Romano cheese. Served with garlic butter and marinara sauce. Best enjoyed with a cold beer!	$9.99
Wisconsin Cheese Curds
Fresh Wisconsin hand-battered crispy cheese curds. Served with kickin’ chipotle ranch	$10.99
Nuggs & Curds Combo
Bite-size crispy bread nuggets sprinkled with Romano cheese and our Wisconsin hand breaded crispy cheese curds. Served with our kickin’ chipotle ranch and marinara sauce for dipping.	$11.99
Nachos With BBQ Pulled Pork
Our hand-cut tortilla chips, spicy queso sauce, pig roast style pulled pork, refried beans, shredded lettuce, fresh jalapenos, diced tomatoes and jalapeno crema.	$11.99
Jalapeno Poblano Queso Dip & Chips
Tortilla chips, jalapeno jack queso poblano cheese dip, garnished with roasted sweet corn, tomatoes and cilantro.	$10.99
Chopped Salad
Chopped lettuce, diced tomato, cucumber, green onion, feta cheese, avocado and antipasto olives with buttermilk ranch. Add grilled chicken or blackened chicken for $3	$11.99
The Traditional Caesar
Crisp romaine lettuce, homemade croutons, anchovies and shredded Asiago cheese tossed in Caesar dressing.	$10.99
BBQ Ranch Chicken
Crisp romaine, avocado, roasted corn, black beans, tortilla strips, cucumber, grilled chicken breast tossed with BBQ and ranch dressing, topped with fresh cilantro and crisp onion straws.	$13.99
BLT Salad
Our special blend of Romaine and spring mix, tomato, bacon, green onion, shredded Cheddar Jack cheese, avocado and tortilla strips. Tossed with chipotle ranch dressing.	$13.99
The Classic Cheeseburger
Seasoned and seared to perfection with lettuce and tomato on a butter toasted brioche bun. Choice of American, cheddar, Swiss, provolone, or pepper jack cheese.	$13.99
Jack Daniel’s Cheddar Burger
Home-style bacon, cheddar, BBQ sauce, lettuce, tomato and crisp onions.	$14.99
Jessica’s Chicken Avocado & Bacon
Grilled chicken breast, avocado, bacon, tomato, lettuce, herb mayo and provolone cheese on buttered brioche.	$13.99
Pig Roast Style BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich
A 1/2lb of pig roast style pulled pork made fresh daily topped with kickin’ slaw on a pull apart brioche bun.	$13.99
Country Fried Buttermilk Chicken Sandwich
American cheese melted over a buttermilk battered tender chicken breast fried crispy, topped with shredded lettuce and served on a butter-toasted brioche bun with chipotle mayo and plenty of pickles.	$13.99
Jessica’s Chicken Avocado & Bacon Wrap
Grilled chicken breast, avocado, bacon, tomato, lettuce, herb mayo and provolone cheese.	$13.99
Italian Beef
Roasted daily, hand sliced on toasted garlic bread with sweet peppers or hot giardiniera.	$12.99
Blackened Chicken Caesar Wrap
Pan seared with crispy romaine, bruschetta tomatoes, Asiago cheese and Caesar dressing	$13.99
Italian Beef Bowl
Italian beef, sweet peppers or hot giardiniera, mozzarella cheese and au jus. 10.99 Side not included.	$12.99
Moretti’s Signature Broasted Chicken Dinner
Tender fresh chicken hand-breaded with our signature seasonings and pressure cooked to order. Served with kickin’ slaw and choice of side.	$13.99
BBQ Baby Backs
Our signature slow-cooked and fork tender ribs served with kickin’ slaw and choice of side.	
Broasted Chicken & BBQ Ribs
Half-slab of our BBQ ribs and two pieces of broasted chicken. Served with kickin’ slaw and choice of side.	$18.99
Fried Haddock Fish & Chips
Hand-breaded and crispy fried, served with kickin’ slaw and French fries with a side of tartar sauce.	$14.99
BBQ Pulled Pork Dinner
Tender pulled pork lightly tossed in BBQ sauce, served on butter grilled Texas toast with kickin’ slaw and choice of side.	$14.99
New York Strip Steak
Served with kickin’ slaw and your choice of side.	$16.99
1 Lb Of Fries	$3.99
Kickin’ Slaw	$3.99
Mashed Potatoes And Gravy	$3.99
Seasoned Fresh Vegetables	$3.99
Grilled Cheese
With fries or potato chips	$6.99
Cheeseburger
With fries or potato chips	$6.99
Hot Dog	$6.99
2 PC Broasted Chicken	$6.99
Chicken Fingers
With fries or potato chips	$6.99
Scoop Of Ice Cream	$1.50
Thin Crust Cheese 12
Cheese. Additional toppings and extra cheese are available to order	
Thin Crust (14)
Cheese. Additional toppings and extra cheese are available to order	$23.99
Crispy Cheese Crust Deep Dish
Cheese. Additional toppings and extra cheese are available to order	
Thin Crust (16)
Cheese. Additional toppings and extra cheese are available to order	$19.99
Gluten-Free Pizza
Thin Crust. Cheese. Additional toppings and extra cheese are available to order	
House Favorite
Italian sausage, green pepper, pepperoni and onion.	
The Original Stuffed Jalapeno Pizza
Fresh halved jalapeno peppers stuffed with spicy cilantro cream cheese and bacon on top of Cheddar cheese, sausage, tomatoes, and cilantro. Drizzled with sriracha aioli and cilantro jalapeno	
Mac ‘N’ Cheese
Creamy Alfredo sauce with cavatappi pasta, Parmesan and Cheddar cheeses baked on a garlic butter crust. . Seen live on nbc	
Maxed Out Mac ‘N’ Cheese
Creamy Alfredo sauce with cavatappi pasta, Parmesan and Cheddar cheeses, bacon, diced tomato and sliced jalapenos baked on a garlic butter crust and drizzled with barbecue sauce. Add 2.00	
Moretti’s Barbecue
Pepperoni, sausage, bacon, onion and our famous BBQ sauce.	
Fresh Veggie Pizza
Spinach, mushrooms, vine-ripe tomatoes, broccoli, Tuscan seasoning and mozzarella cheese.	
Hawaiian BBQ Blast
Tender pulled pork, pineapple, sliced jalapeno, red onion, cilantro and BBQ sauce.	
Margherita
Vine-ripened tomato, olive oil, fresh mozzarella and basil.	
Four Layer Chocolate Fudge Cake
Chocolate masterpiece cake covered in creamy, smooth, chocolate fudge frosting and chocolate chips.	$5.99
Hot Fudge Sundae
Served with vanilla bean ice cream, hot fudge and whipped cream.	$4.99
Banana Cake
A delicious three layer banana cake topped with our specialty cream cheese buttercream frosting and a walnut garnish.	$5.99
Happy Hour
$3 Coors Light Drafts	
$4 Craft Of The Day	
$5 Featured Cocktails	
$4 Glasses Of Select Wine	
$6 Pizzas
10 inch – 1 topping	
Half Price Featured Apps
Brussels Sprouts – Baked Spinach & Artichoke Dip – Coconut Onion Rings – Fried Calamari – Fried Shrimp – Mozzarella Sticks – Bruschetta – Golden Fingers	
Carry Out Menu
Chicken Only	
Full Meal
Includes two sides	
Full Slab 1 1/2 LB Baby Back Ribs	$19.99
Full Slab 1 1/2 LB Babby Back Ribs Meal
With choice of two sides. Choice of French fries, mashed potatoes and gravy or made to order kickin’ slaw.	$23.99
Pint Of Kickin’ Slaw	$3.99
Pint Of Mashed Potatoes And Gravy	$3.99
1 Lb Of Fries	$3.99
1 LB Of Mixed Vegetables	$5.99

… View more

Menu Photos

Photo Gallery

Reviews
Mary Pinski
My friend and I tried this little gem on the river. The outdoor patio was neat and clean! Every table had a great view of the river. We loved the music which was the perfect level. We could hear each other without yelling.

Helen Mazur
What a great place to spend a relaxing afternoon. Seated on the patio overlooking the chain-of-lakes watching the speedboats whiz by. Food was well prepared and prices reasonable. Even the cocktails didn’t break the bank. A very lovely experience.

Danielle Toski
So disappointed tonight. We usually love their salads and I was craving a good Caesar so we decided to get pizza and this. $11 for very little lettuce, and what we did receive was slimy and/or brown. I don’t think I’ll be craving another Caesar for some time. Do better Moretti’s. Take out should be the same quality as if we were eating in.

John Matthews
Nice place for happy hour after enjoying the river walk. Great atmosphere and extremely friendly and helpful staff. Not a deal breaker, but I would like to see more options other than soda or mixed drink juices for the kids. Mocktails or something to that effect. But still a great place for food and drinks.

Jake Schuldt
Visited last week for the first time. They have a really nice outdoor area. We tried multiple apps, including the wings and cheese curds, and were very impressed with the food. Unfortunately our service was very slow, and we only ordered about half of what we wanted initially because it was taking so long, and we didn’t want to wait. I’ll definitely be back to try more food and enjoy the outdoor seating though!

Johnny Ciesla
My wife and I went for a nice afternoon meal. We where seated outside with a nice view. There where 2 other couples there also. It was just after 4 so not busy at all. We waited for 20 minutes and our server never came to our table. Other servers did not even seem to care either. The couple next to us stopped their server and asked if they can please get the pizza they have been waiting for. We got up and walked up to the greeters and I handed them the menus and said we would pass. Seeing how we sat for 20 minutes with out even being asked if we wanted to order drinks. The staff said have a good rest of the day then snickered. Horrible service on a Tuesday afternoon when not even busy. Culver’s got our business instead. And we will not be back to The Snuggery. And will be letting all our neighbors know of the experience since we live literally a 5min walk from this establishment.

… more

Kristen Norton
Food was ok nothing to brag about. Most of the waitresses that work there had no personality or literally looked like they didn’t want to be bothered. Took my daughter to use the bathroom and while walking out a server literally pushed me out of the way (even though there was way more room for both of us to walk side by side). Hostess barely said hello and threw our menus on the table and walked away. View of boats was pretty much the highlight!

Arturo G
It’s a nice place, beautiful view, good environment, food it’s ok. The only downside it’s the fact that getting drafted beer in a plastic cup totally kills the vibe. The servers are nice and try to do their job but need more training, nothing intentionally bad

Tracy Rauenbuehler
My husband and had some delicious appetizers .I really enjoyed the fish tacos as well as the cheese curds. We sat ousted and watched the boats go by along the Fox River. The staff was very nice and were on top of taking care of all the tables. The staff really worked well together as team to be sure that everyone was taken care of.

Debbie LeStarge
What a lovely dining experience. Great pizza. Ate outside and watched the sun go down off the pier..Eating outside, by the water is such a treat.

… View more

Categories
Restaurant
Tags
McHenry, IL
El Buen Comer Menu – San Francisco, CA
Smash Mouth BBQ Menu – Knoxville, TN
Leave a Comment

Comment

Name
Email
Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Search for:
 List or Update Your Restaurant

Have a restaurant that’s already listed?
Want to update your information or add a new listing?
Get more visibility and more customers.

 Contact to List / Update

Email: yrosa968@gmail.com

Recent Posts
Starbucks Menu – Salinas, CA
Golden Grill (Mediterranean Kitchen) Menu – Fort Carson, CO
Papa Johns Pizza Menu – Orlando, FL
Little Caesars Pizza Menu – Stuttgart, AR
Taco Bell Menu – Seaside, CA
Snowbirds Grille Menu – Venice, FL
SouthCloud Ramen Menu – Austin, TX
Mamacita’s Restaurant Menu – San Antonio, TX
Heather Rae’s Comfort Cookin’ Restaurant Menu – Delco, NC
Flaming Crab Cajun Seafood Menu – Allentown, PA
Curry Point Express Menu – Durham, NC
Domino’s Pizza Menu – Pampa, TX
Amber Menu – New York, NY
Hai Master Kitchen Menu – Laguna Hills, CA
Layla’s Kitchen Menu – Oakland, TN
Val’s Italian Restaurant & Pizza Menu – Kilgore, TX
Taco Bell Menu – Loves Park, IL
Partridge cafe Menu – Partridge, KS
Dunkin’ Menu – York, PA
Mr V’s BBQ & Grill Menu – Reading, PA
Stay connected with the Roost!
ASK US ANY QUESTIONS
GET IN TOUCH
ROOST CAFE AND BISTRO
About us

Roost Café and Bistro offers a cozy atmosphere and eclectic regional cuisine, using local products whenever possible. Our affordable menu offers European-inspired plates, and guests can choose between a single entrée or multiple courses. In addition, our patio provides a delightful spot for alfresco dining during the warmer months. We are conveniently located between York and Ogunquit.

Address

262 Shore Road, Ogunquit ME

Contact

+1 207-646-9898

info@roostcafeandbistro.com

Openning hours:

Breakfast/Lunch/Brunch –  8am-2pm Fri-Sun
Dinner – 5-9pm Wed-Sun
Closed Mon-Tues
Bakery – Closed for Winter

Style Guide

Credits

Privacy Policy

© 2026 Roost Cafe and Bistro