Source: https://www.chicagoprimesteakhouse.com/george-a-kalkounos
Captured: 2026-05-07

In Loving Memory Of George A. Kalkounos Menu Private Events Special Events Live Entertainment Industry Night Feedback/Reviews Gift Card Millionaire’s Club Contact Us Employment George A. Kalkounos Downtown bakery Mon - Fri 9:00 am - 5:00 pm Sat - Sun 11:00 am - 5:00 pm 555-555-55-55 Uptown bakery Mon - Fri 9:00 am - 5:00 pm Sat - Sun 11:00 am - 5:00 pm 555-555-55-55 1444 E. Algonquin Road Schaumburg, IL 60173 847.969.9900 Menu Private Events Special Events Live Entertainment Industry Night Feedback/Reviews Gift Card Millionaire’s Club Contact Us Employment George A. Kalkounos Dining Room Hours Mon - Sat: 3PM - 10PM Sunday: 3PM - 9PM Reserve a Table In Loving Memory Of George A. Kalkounos GEORGE KALKOUNOS ENDOWED SCHOLARSHIP We invite those who wish to honor George’s legacy to consider making a one-time or recurring donation to the George A. Kalkounos – Chicago Prime Restaurants Endowed Scholarship Fund at Harper Community Colleg e. This scholarship was established to support and inspire future culinary and hospitality professionals, providing students an opportunity to pursue success within the industry George loved so much. On Tuesday February 17th 2026, the Kalkounos family, and the Chicago Prime Restaurants family, lost a legend as our founder and family patriarch, George A. Kalkounos, passed away at the age of 75 in the loving arms of his wife Maggie Kalkounos. George emigrated from Greece, first to Brooklyn, New York, and later to Chicago, Illinois, working tirelessly in restaurant kitchens and dining rooms. Like many Greek immigrants, he arrived with almost nothing in his pocket but carried an unshakable belief in the American Dream. Through discipline, sacrifice, and passion for hospitality, he ultimately found his calling in fine dining. Over the course of his career, his ownership accomplishments included: Statesons, K George’s, Prime Table, Germania Club, Bristol Court Banquets, Avalon Banquets, Avante Banquets, Chicago Prime Steakhouse, Five O’Clock Steakhouse, and Chicago Prime Italian. He loved every minute of his work and viewed customers not as patrons, but as friends, and those who knew him felt that sincerity in every interaction. George did not want us to mourn, but rather to celebrate his life’s work, his achievements, and his deep passion for hospitality and service. His legacy lives on through the countless lives he touched, the team members he mentored, the guests he welcomed, and the family he loved so deeply. We are deeply grateful for the outpouring of love, prayers, and friendship extended to our family during this time. Please enjoy one of his many interviews that really sums it up. Call Us RESERVE A TABLE CALL US Order Online UBEREATS GRUBHUB TOAST Copyright © 2024. Chicago Prime Steakhouse. All Rights Reserved. ﻿ Copyright © 2026. Chicago Prime Steakhouse. All Rights Reserved. Share by:
